Purchase Terms & Conditions
The following Purchase Terms and Conditions are designed to ensure your satisfaction and understanding of the purchase process on TheBloxOffice.com. If you have any questions about the information below, please contact us. These Purchase Terms and Conditions are subject to, and incorporate by this reference, the Terms of Service. Each ticket that you purchase is a license to attend a particular event, and is subject to the additional terms set forth on that ticket as well as any applicable terms which the venue imposes.
Currency
All ticket prices for events that occur in the United States are stated in U.S. Dollars.
Payment Methods
TheBloxOffice.com accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs. Currently, TheBloxOffice.com accepts Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and Diners Club.
Who You Are Buying From
The Blox Office acts as the ticketing agent of those who are promoting or otherwise providing the events for which you purchase tickets, such as venues, teams, artists’ representatives and fan clubs, promoters and leagues (“Event Providers”). The Blox Office facilitates your purchase of an Event Provider’s tickets via TheBloxOffice.com. When you purchase a ticket for an event that is located in the United States, The Blox Office, LLC will be handling the transaction and collecting payment for the Event Provider.
Tickets obtained from unauthorized sources may be lost, stolen or counterfeit, and if so are void.
Pricing and Availability
The Blox Office sells tickets on behalf of Event Providers, which means we do not set ticket prices or determine seating availability. Tickets for popular events may sell out quickly. Occasionally, additional tickets may become available prior to the event. However, The Blox Office does not control this inventory or availability. In some cases, The Blox Office or other distribution channels may receive additional, subsequent allocations of tickets for distribution, which may be of similar or higher desirability than those sold on The Blox Office, or may be offered for sale at lower prices than prices charged on The Blox Office.
Order Confirmation
If you do not receive a confirmation number (in the form of a confirmation page or email) after submitting payment information, or if you experience an error message or service interruption after submitting payment information, it is your responsibility to confirm with The Blox Office Customer Service whether or not your order has been placed. Only you may be aware of any problems that may occur during the purchase process. The Blox Office will not be responsible for losses (monetary or otherwise) if you assume that an order was not placed because you failed to receive confirmation.
Convenience Charges and Order Processing Fees
Tickets purchased on TheBloxOffice.com are typically subject to a per ticket convenience charge and a non-refundable per order processing fee. In many cases, delivery charges may also be owed.
Amount of Tickets Per Customer or “Ticket Limits”
When purchasing tickets on TheBloxOffice.com, you are limited to a specified number of tickets for each event (also known as a “ticket limit”). This limit is posted during the purchase process and is verified with every transaction. If a ticket limit is posted during the purchase process, please note that this policy is in effect at the request of the Event Provider and is to discourage unfair ticket buying practices.
Canceled and Postponed Events
Occasionally, events are canceled or postponed by the promoter, team, band or venue. Should this occur, we will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that event. For exact instructions on any canceled or postponed event, please check the event information online or contact http://www.thebloxoffice.com/support/. If you purchase a ticket through TheBloxOffice.com, and a refund is issued, then The Blox Office will most likely give you a refund by issuing a credit to the credit card that you used to purchase that ticket.
The Blox Office acts as the agent of the Event Promoter and as such typically only offers refunds and/or exchanges based on the Event Promoter’s instructions. The Blox Office is not obligated to issue a refund except to the extent that the Event Promoter responsible for bringing you the event (1) instructs us to issue a refund, and (2) provides us with the funds necessary to issue refunds. In order to receive a refund or an exchange that may be offered, you will have to comply with the Event Promoter’s instructions or deadlines, which, along with the decision about whether or not to issue a refund or an exchange, may be at the Event Promoter’s discretion.
If The Blox Office issues you a refund for a ticket, it will issue a refund of the ticket’s face value paid (or, if a discounted ticket, then instead the discounted ticket price paid), the facility fee and all convenience charges. In no event will delivery charges, order processing fees or any other fees or amounts be refunded. If a refund is issued, it will be issued using the same method of payment that was used to purchase the tickets. If a credit card was used to make the refunded purchase, then only that actual credit card will receive the credit for the refund. The Blox Office will not be liable for travel or any other expenses that you or anyone else incurs in connection with a canceled or postponed event.
If an event is canceled, please contact http://www.thebloxoffice.com/support/ for information on receiving a refund. If the event was moved or rescheduled, the Event Promoter may set refund limitations. Contact http://www.thebloxoffice.com/support/ for exact instructions. Please make sure to include/provide your account information so we can expedite your refund if applicable.
Opening Acts
Opening acts or guests may sometimes tour with headlining performers. The Blox Office is not always made aware of opening acts or the length of their performances. These opening acts are subject to change or cancellation at any time without notice. No refund will be owed if an opening act is changed or canceled.
Refunds and Exchanges
Before purchasing tickets, carefully review your event and seat choices. The Blox Office acts as an agent for the Event Provider and policies set forth by our clients, including venues, teams and theaters, generally prohibit The Blox Office from issuing exchanges or refunds after a ticket has been purchased or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets. You agree that you will not attempt to evade, avoid, or circumvent those prohibitions in any manner with regard to tickets you purchased. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you will not contact The Blox Office to seek a refund or exchange from The Blox Office when The Blox Office is prohibited from providing one by its clients, and you will not dispute or otherwise seek a “chargeback” from the company whose credit card you used to purchase tickets from TheBloxOffice.com. Should you do so, your tickets may be canceled, and The Blox Office may, in its sole discretion, refuse to honor pending and future ticket purchases made from all credit card accounts or online accounts on which such chargebacks have been made, and may prohibit all persons in whose name the credit card accounts exist and any person who accesses any associated online account or credit card or who otherwise breaches this provision from using TheBloxOffice.com.
Special Provisions Applying to The Blox Office
The following applies only to tickets to Illinois events that are purchased through The Blox Office: If you purchase tickets through The Blox Office to an event located in Illinois, you will receive a refund of the amount you paid for that resold ticket if: (a) the ticketed event is canceled (in which case you will not receive a refund of any delivery fees), (b) that ticket does not allow you to enter the ticketed event for reasons that may include, without limitation, that the ticket is counterfeit or that the ticket has been canceled by the issuer due to non-payment, unless the ticket is canceled due to an act or omission by you, (c) that ticket fails to conform to its description on this web site, or (d) you failed to receive that ticket.
The following applies only to tickets to events in the State of New York that are purchased through The Blox Office: If you purchase a ticket through The Blox Office to an event located in the State of New York, The Blox Office will provide to you a full refund of that amount you paid for that resold ticket if: (a) the ticketed event is canceled, provided that if the ticketed event is canceled then the order processing and delivery fees will not be refunded; (b) that ticket does not grant you admission to the ticketed event, unless the ticket is canceled due to an act or omission by you; or (c) that ticket fails to conform to its description on The Blox Office, unless you have pre-approved a substitution of tickets.
Billing Information Verification
Orders are processed only after a billing address, and other billing information, has been verified. Occasionally, we receive incorrect billing or credit card account information for a ticket order that will cause an order to be canceled. In these cases, please verify your billing address with your bank and/or credit card issuing company before making another purchase attempt.
Delivery Options
Different combinations of delivery methods may be offered, depending on factors that include the venue or country where the event is to be held, the country in which you live, how much time is left before the event starts, whether it is a holiday season and the nature of the demand for the event. Please carefully review the list of delivery methods offered during the purchase process.
Generally, some of the following delivery methods may be offered, subject to additional restrictions some of which are described further below:
* Standard Mail – for events that occur in the United States or Canada, but only if you make your ticket order at a time that is sufficiently before the date of the event. If the event is in the United States, then you will only be able to use this method if you have a United States or Canadian billing address.
* Will Call – for events that occur in the United States or Canada.
* UPS – for events that occur in the United States, but only for purchasers who use a United States billing address.
* Paperless Ticket – this may be the only delivery option available for some events that occur in the United States.
* Shipping to APO/FPO Addresses – for events that occur in the United States, tickets can be delivered to an Armed Forces billing address via standard mail.
Pricing and Other Errors
If the amount you pay for a ticket is incorrect, regardless of whether this is because of an error in a price posted on the website or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date, or you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, then The Blox Office will have the right to cancel that ticket (or the order for that ticket) and refund to you the amount that you paid. This will apply regardless of whether because of human error or a transactional malfunction of the website or other The Blox Office operated system.
Facebook Connect
The Blox Office offers Facebook users the opportunity to interact with friends and to share on Facebook using Facebook Connect. If you are logged into both The Blox Office and Facebook, when you use the website’s Facebook connection functions, we will link your Facebook account with your The Blox Office account if the email addresses match. If the email addresses do not match, we ask you if you want to link them and you must validate that you control the accounts. If you are already logged into The Blox Office but not logged into Facebook, when you use the website’s Facebook connection functions, you will be prompted to enter your Facebook credentials or to sign up for Facebook. By proceeding through any of these scenarios, you grant The Blox Office permission to access your Facebook profile information and to use it in accordance with the Facebook terms of use and the Privacy Statement.
If you are not currently registered as a The Blox Office user and you use the website’s Facebook connection functions, you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join The Blox Office. Once you register with The Blox Office and connect with Facebook, you will be able to automatically post recent The Blox Office activity back to your Facebook wall. Please refer to the privacy settings in your Facebook account to manage the performance of your Facebook account.
If you use Facebook Connect or The Blox Office Facebook App, The Blox Office will create a [My TheBloxOffice] user account for you. Your [My TheBloxOffice] account will be governed by the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy located at http://www.thebloxoffice.com/privacy/. If you wish to close your [My TheBloxOffice] account, you may do so as provided in the Privacy Policy.
Multiple Browser Windows
When ordering tickets online with The Blox Office, please ensure you are looking for tickets and placing an order using only one browser window. Looking up tickets using multiple browser windows could result in losing your tickets or timer expiration.
Limitation of Liability
You assume all risks incidental to the event for which a ticket is issued, whether before, during or after performance, and you waive any claims for personal injury or death against The Blox Office, its management, officers, directors, owners, employees or agents on behalf of yourself and any accompanying minor.
License; Ejection and Cancellation; No Redemption Value
Event Providers reserve the right, without refund of any amount paid, to refuse admission to, or eject, any person whose conduct management deems disorderly, who uses vulgar or abusive language or who fails to comply with Event Provider rules. Breach of terms or rules will terminate your license to attend the event without refund. A ticket is a revocable license and admission may be refused upon refunding the ticket’s face amount. A ticket is not redeemable for cash.
Recording, Transmission and Exhibition
You agree not to record or transmit, or aid in recording or transmitting, any description, account, picture, or reproduction of the event. You agree that the event for which you purchase tickets is a public event, that your appearance and actions inside and outside the venue where the event occurs are public in nature, and that you have no expectation of privacy with regard to your actions or conduct at the event. You grant permission to The Blox Office and the Event Provider(s) to utilize your name, image, likeness, acts, poses, plays, appearance, movements, and statements in any live or recorded audio, video, or photographic display or other transmission, exhibition, publication or reproduction made of, or at, the event (regardless of whether before, during or after play or performance) for any purpose, in any manner, in any medium or context now known or hereafter developed, without further authorization from, or compensation to, you or anyone acting on your behalf.
You Are Subject to Search
You and your belongings may be searched on entry to the event. You consent to such searches and waive any related claims that may arise. If you elect not to consent to such searches, you may be denied entry to the event without refund or other compensation. Under certain facility rules, certain items may not be brought into the premises, including without limitation, alcohol, drugs, controlled substances, cameras, recording devices, bundles and containers.
Unlawful Re-Sale of Tickets; Commercial Purposes
Unlawful resale of tickets (or attempted resale) is grounds for seizure and cancellation without compensation. A ticket shall not be used for advertising, promotions, contests or sweepstakes, unless formal written authorization is given by the Event Provider, provided that even if such consent is obtained, any use of TheBloxOffice’s trademarks and other intellectual property is subject to TheBloxOffice’s written consent.

